[Music]
hi and thanks for joining my corner TED
talk tonight I'm Jimmy the old hermit
from up in the hills we are in week 9
thousand of lockdown or of stay at home
people are getting restless people are
craving other human beings and I want to
address something that I believe might
be the cardinal sin of quarantine maybe
you've experienced this this this is the
random unannounced drop-by a friend
calls you and says hey I'm pulling up
and from your house come outside and say
hello and then what are you gonna do
your trap they know you're in there you
they know you're not doing anything
there's no getting away so you put on
pants and then the mask and you go out
in front and you have a weird muffled
conversation next to your mailbox for
eight minutes that has to stop and while
we're at it
family zoom calls we need to let's max
those out at 12 minutes 12 minutes
there's nothing going on you can't cover
in 12 minutes at that point you say all
right zip it grandma we've heard enough
here in Los Angeles
County officials have announced that
they're hoping to open things up by the
fourth of July the way it will work is
everyone will rush to the beach on the
fourth of July sweat all over each other
and then we will die which would be good
for traffic on the 405 but as of
yesterday pet groomers and pet trainers
were allowed to open back up which seems
weird given that they say pets might
spread the virus to people and people
can spread it to pests but maybe we
should start training our pets to groom
us one thing we might not have in LA is
the Oscars word around town is the
Academy Awards which you're scheduled
for February will not happen in February
why they would cancel a show that is
nine months away I don't know what seems
to me this is a pretty blatant attempt
to keep sonic the hedghog from winning
Best Picture but I guess it's just the
next logical step the last two years
have had no host now they have no show
meanwhile on the other side of the
reaction coin
in Galveston Texas they went right ahead
with her annual go topless Jeep weekend
that event led to nearly 200 arrests and
some delightful interviews to thousands
have flocked serdab all of the peninsula
to make the most of their time while go
topless Jeep weekend
what's better than Beach and a few
drinks and jeeps in full swing get
beaches on Bolivar Peninsula beach goers
like Chelsea Collier are still taking
precautions to stay safe watch some
hands for 20 seconds
you know the slogan don't mess with
Texas she's the mess maybe this will
make you think twice about hitting the
beach you know they've been telling us
stay six feet apart well that might not
be enough apart because the corn
according to a new study when it's windy
our saliva can travel 18 feet in five
seconds which seems slow but it's far
it's weird to think that over the past
two months my spit has traveled farther
than I have so when that runner runs by
you from across the street if there's
any wind get down on the ground have you
been watching the hydroxi Horror Picture
Show our president this week claimed
he's been taking a hydroxychloroquine to
stave off the corona virus and of course
his disciples are now doing it too the
Trump errs who are are wary of Big
Pharma have started making their own
hydroxy at home for real and I have to
say I like that added to me is good
old-fashioned American initiative boil
up some homemade hydroxy what could
possibly go wrong
here's the thing if you're dumb enough
to think it's a good idea to make your
own hydroxychloroquine at home you're
probably not smart enough to make your
own hydroxychloroquine at home most
people can't even make a lemon meringue
pie last night i suggested that the
president might be trying to kill
himself with this drug and we should
keep an eye on them and apparently that
message resonated because I got a
scolding today from White House press
secretary number 4 kala Mackel Unni so
no one should be taking this without a
prescription from their doctor but that
being said
I've seen a lot of apoplectic coverage
of hydroxychloroquine you had Jimmy
Kimmel saying the president's quote
trying to kill himself by taking it you
had Joe Scarborough saying quote this
will kill you Neil Cavuto saying what
have you got to lose I'm one thing you
have to lose our lives she's definitely
still getting her hair colored right I
mean I don't see any dark and in any way
thank you for watching
Kaylee it's always nice to welcome a new
fan you know most schools had to hold
their graduation ceremonies online this
month and the governor of Mississippi
guy named Tate Reeves gave an online
commencement for his high school alma
mater and I want you to pay special
attention as he reads the graduates
names to the 2020 class of four high
school congratulations
I'm proud of you too all forms Eagles
let's keep rolling
Aaron Devon came blank Christian brother
carry a strap Harry graduated at the
bottom of his class but the ass-crack
family is still very proud online school
is still a major nuisance for parents
and for a lot of kids around the country
one of our riders who happens to be the
heiress to a candy fortune her name's
Joelle she has a 60 a 60 year old nephew
it's crazy she's nine years old she has
a six-year-old nephew named Joshua who
got this assignment from his teacher
they told them to build a little bridge
using coins so he's supposed to build
the bridge take a picture and email it
to the teacher but he didn't take a
picture nor did he build the bridge
instead this is what his teacher got a
note that said you're not supposed to
touch coins in my house because of the
coronavirus what a clever way to get out
of doing homework but not everyone can
get out of their homework and for those
of you will have to turn your
assignments in our own Guillermo is
tutoring now free of charge show sharpen
your pencils while he sharpens your mind
it's time for a homework corner with
Guillermo
welcome to homework corner with
Guillermo today question is what is one
of the difference between a mum oh and
that reptile mama okay and our red tide
okay so red tiles are like a snake you
know red tiles are like you know lasers
and on and mumbles other animals that
then I'm not reptiles and that's my
answer when you're right you're right
[Music]